I got it.
I'm already awake.
I'm coming.
Where's my guy?
There you are.
You precious little angel.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, thank you.
I'll be right back.
Mark! Mark! Mark!
- What is it?
- Dylan's not in his crib!
He's not in his crib!
He's not there!
He's not there?
911,
what's your emergency?
I'm Susan,
I'm Susan Webster,
and my son is...
I can't find my son.
He's not in his crib!
I don't know
if somebody took him
or what... what the--
Ma'am,
are you alone?
Whereabouts are you
in the house?
Hello?
Oh!
Ma'am?
Hello?
Check her
blood pressure.
Holy. Holy!
- Keep pushing.
- It's okay. It's okay.
- No, I can't!
- She's fine.
- I mean. I can't...
I can't do it.
- You can. You can.
You can. You're doing it.
- Ready?
- You're doing it.
- Okay. Okay.
- Three, two, one...
It's a boy.
It's a boy, babe. You did it.
Oh, my God,
he's beautiful.
We have a son.
I'm so proud of you.
Hello...
Welcome to the world,
sweet boy.
Hi. Yeah...
I know, say what is Daddy
doing on his phone?
Why? Why is he on his phone?
Hmm?
- Uh, sorry.
I'm... I'm sorry.
I... I'm nervous. It's like,
like coping mechanism
or something.
Oh, hey mister.
Hey, baby boy.
- Yeah. I know.
- Can you believe it?
- I can't. This face.
Yeah. I know. Shh.
- I have a confession.
I may have let your father know
that everything went great.
- He's not here.
They're not here?
- Yep.
- Mark. Ugh.
- I'm sorry, babe. I just...
I wanted to share this
with him, you know?
He's like the father
I never had.
That makes one of us.
It's okay. It's okay.
- Where is he?
- Hi!
Where is that
grandson of mine?
- Oh, I'm sorry.
- Hey, Neil. Ginny.
- Well, what are we gonna,
what do we name him?
- "We" named him Dylan.
- Dylan?
- Oh!
- Here we go. Here we go.
- Oh, oh. It's okay, it's okay.
Just spit up a little.
Hi. Dylan.
Dylan sounds like
a loser kid in band camp.
What about a more
manly name like Neil Jr.?
'Cause he's not your son.
- Yeah, well Neil Jr.
the third, then.
- That's not
how names work, Dad.
- No, he's Dylan, after Mom.
- I don't want to jinx it,
but we just did IVF so Dylan
might have a little uncle soon.
- Wow, that's uh...
- There you go. There we go.
- I um... I-I sent you
the press release.
- Neil!
- Yeah, babe?
- He's so handsome.
- Mm-hmm.
I think he has my eyes.
Well, that would be
surprising but, uh...
- Yeah, so, I figured we could
discuss you know, my--
- Mark... appreciate
the hustle. Take a break.
Just uh... just enjoy
Neil Jr. there. Honey?
- Oh! Ah!
- No, still Dylan.
- Dad.
- Oof.
Mm-hmm.
Yes, indeed,
in our bed.
Surprise!
- Aunt Peggy?!
- Wh--
Oh, my God, he's so
precious.
- What?!
This is Dylan.
- Oh, my goodness.
Well, I just had to go meet
this little man and...
Ta-da!
- My blanket.
Uh-huh.
- Wait, did you,
did you do this?
- Ah, please. He's so busy
on the construction
of the Hollis building,
he doesn't even
have time to construct
his own baby's crib.
- Okay, zip it, Aunt Peg,
come on. You rat me out.
What's goin' on?
- Hey, listen,
never trust a journalist
with her secrets, okay?
Oh, my God.
- I know.
Hey, little sis.
Look what your daughter made.
Dylan, that's your grandma.
Mm-hmm.
- Grandma, this is Dylan.
I can't believe it.
I'm so happy for you.
It's okay. Please,
please, please.
Oh, please. Please, please.
Okay, do you want a lullaby?
I can do a lullaby.
I'm not a very good singer.
I could in college.
I was in choir
for a little bit.
- Hey, Suzie Q?
- Suz-- what? Hi.
- You having trouble?
- Yeah, he just, he won't
settle for a nap
and I want to go to sleep.
- Here, let me trying something.
- Shh, Daddy's gonna try.
- Oh, come on over.
- Yeah, it's okay.
- Shh, shh, shh.
Ah, there you go.
- I was five when
my mom had Jacob.
All he would do is cry.
Aw.
Okay.
It was Jacob's comfort move.
- Mm-hmm.
- Even when we got older,
when my dad would rage,
we'd hide in the tire well
of his car.
The second I grabbed
Jacob's hand,
just calmed right down.
- He was lucky to have you.
- Still can't believe
this is all real.
I mean...
I have a kid.
This is my son. This thing.
- Thing?!
- You know what I mean.
He is kind of a thing.
Yeah.
- And I'm his dad.
How does this make any sense?
- It's... crazy.
For me, too.
- Oh.
- Oh! No.
Oh, no, no, no.
Ah!
Yes, baby. Hi, hi,
hi, hi.
Shh, shh, shh.
I know, I know, I know.
I know, I know...
Okay, okay. Okay.
Okay. Okay,
okay, okay.
Oh, watch your head. Okay,
Shh. Shh. Oh, there we go.
That's better. That's better.
Holy sh--
Mm...
You're lucky
it was just an ankle.
How did it happen?
- I don't even know. Ah...
one minute I had Dylan
down for a nap,
and then I woke up to screaming,
so I don't know, I must have
passed out or something.
- Well, that happens
to the best of us.
Hey. Hey, don't overthink it.
Dylan's fine. Right?
Your ankle's not a big deal.
- Hmm.
- Right?
- Yeah, thanks.
- You're okay.
- I know. I know it's just,
you know, at work I oversee
an entire department of people.
And I've never been as tired
as I am right now.
- Well, newborns
are exhausting by design.
It's mother nature's
little way of tricking us
into doing it again.
- Ha, ha, again. Sure.
Hey, baby.
- Whoa. What happened?
- Oh, don't ask.
- When did this happen? How?
- It's not... it's not
a big deal. I'm fine.
- Not a big deal. But--
why haven't you called me?
Susan, you can't just
have like a brok--
And you're drinking.
- I should go.
Fine.
- I'll call you.
- Yeah, please do.
- Mark... always a pleasure.
- Mark, what was that?!
- What was--
- What? What is going on?
Hey. Hey, hi. Hi. You have
a tell, you know.
You look down and
to the left every time
you're holding something back.
So, out with it. What?
- Honestly, babe, I...
I don't think you want
to hear what I have to say.
- Try me.
- What about getting some
help while you work?
- Like a nanny?
- Yeah.
- No! No, I don't want someone
else taking care of our son.
- Ugh. remember ten seconds ago
when I said you weren't gonna
want to hear what I had to say?
- Okay. Mom brain is a real
thing. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Oh, now who's drinking?
- I am just showing
you solidarity.
Uh-huh. I bet.
It's okay,
I'm exhausted anyway.
- Ooh.
I'm positive I sent
it last night.
Well,
nothing's in my inbox.
- No, I stayed up extra late
doing it. Trust me...
I can use all the sleep
I can get with a newborn.
- I can imagine.
- Um, sorry, yeah, no,
let me check.
Take your time.
- Okay...
um...
Just... I printed a copy.
How's your son,
by the way?
- He's good, thank you.
I know I finished it I just...
can't seem to fi--
Look, I just need
it soon, okay?
- Yes.
- All right.
- As soon as I-, yes.
- I'm sure you'll find it.
- Thank you.
- Bye, Susan.
- Sorry.
Are you sure you don't
wanna go back
inside and sit down?
- No, please, I could
use the fresh air.
- Well... if Mark thinks
you need a nanny,
then maybe he should consider
taking time off. That's fair.
- My dad's breathing down his
neck with that legacy project,
that Hollis building.
- Right.
- I can't ask him to do that.
- Sure.
- Don't look at me like that.
- Any chance this is
postpartum depression?
- No! I don't...
I don't feel depressed. I...
- Well, neither did my sister,
but she had it.
And just like you,
she was tripping on things,
sleeping all the time.
Couldn't even remember
her own daughter's name.
Susan, my God!
- I-- I didn't even see him.
I...
- Just breathe. Just breathe.
Yeah.
- I got it.
- Hmm...
It's fine, I'm already awake.
No! Mark! Mark!
Dylan's not in his crib!
He's not in crib!
He's not there!
He's not there?
- My name is Susan Webster.
I can't find my baby.
He's not in crib and I just...
I think somebody may have take--
Ma'am,
are you alone?
Whereabouts are
you in the house?
Hello? Ma'am?
Hello?
- What?
- What's going on?
- What? Where was he?
- Shh, shh, shh.
He was in his crib.
- No. I checked
his crib. He wa...
- Susan,
I'm telling you,
he was in his crib.
Is anyone there?
Can you hear me?
- Hi, yeah.
- Is anyone hurt?
- No, sorry. No, we're okay.
A woman said there
was a missing baby.
- My son's fine.
Okay, call back
if you need us.
- Thank you.
- Hi, Susan.
- Ahem.
- I appreciate you
making the house call,
Dr. Riley.
Oh, stop
with the "doctor", Mark.
We've known each other
for how long?
Wow.
You're the spitting image
of your mother, by the way.
- You knew my mom?
Mm-hmm.
We smoked our first cigarette
behind the school gymnasium.
Delia was
a wonderful woman.
- Yeah.
Such a great mother.
- Being a mother
is the greatest feeling,
and the worst.
You're constantly
second-guessing yourself.
- Not her. She had
it all together.
- Are you sure about that?
All moms discover new
challenges, but the good ones,
they shield
their children from it.
- I don't feel like I'm doing
that for Dylan at all.
- Before my youngest was born,
I thought I knew what to expect.
It wasn't long before
I was lying on the floor,
picking up lint from
the carpet with my fingers.
I had to make
major changes in my life
just to break out
of the spiral.
- How?
- I started on meds.
They saved my life,
and countless of my patients.
And then I had to recognize that
bringing in someone part-time
to help me didn't make me...
less of a mom, but a better mom.
- Tell me what you're
thinking, babe.
- I'll do whatever it takes.
Yeah, you're making
the right choice.
There you go.
- Amy.
- Hi. Hi, Mark?
Yeah. Yeah, welcome.
- Thank you so much.
- Yeah, come on in.
You must be Susan?
- Hi.
- Hi. Oh, he is so adorable.
Mm-hmm.
- May I?
- Uh... oh.
Oh, sweet thing.
Thank you.
Oh, look.
[Mark: Oh, my God,
you're a natural.
Are you awake for me?
Are you gonna give me a nice
cuddle while you're awake
from your nap, sweet boy?
- Sugar frosted cereal
again? Breakfast sucks!
Hey, hey, hey,
how ya doin'?
Great. Here is your
cutest little prince.
Oh, hey, big buy.
Oh, my God.
Back to Daddy.
Did you guys
have a nice day?
We had such a good
day, didn't we, sir?
Yes, do you want to tell him
all about it?
Want to tell him what we did?
The doctor will see you
now. Right this way.
- Do you need some help?
- I'm fine. Thanks.
- So, what are those
pills you're taking?
- Nortriptyline.
It's no big deal.
- Is that safe, though?
- Amy, do you have kids?
- Uh, no. No, I'm um...
I'm not lucky that way.
That's why I do what I do.
These are my kids.
- You don't have kids so you
don't understand, okay?
I'm sorry.
Sorry.
- It's okay.
- The pills are for
my postpartum.
They're prescribed
by a doctor and everything,
so yes, they are perfectly safe.
- Right.
- S-Susan...
Susan, you're bleeding.
- What?
Susan!
Hey, sweet little guy.
Hey, sweet little boy.
Good job. Yeah, just like that.
- Thank you for driving.
- Yeah, no problem.
- Amy can you...
please don't tell Mark
about this.
- Yeah, right.
- What, were you just
not gonna tell me?
- Look, you had so
much going on!
- Susan, h-how am I supposed
to help you if you're only
telling me things
after they happen?!
- You want to help me?
Be here for me! Work less!
Help out around the house more!
I need support. I don't know
if I am just stressed.
I don't know if it's
all the hormones?!
these pills?!
I don't know if I'm actually
losing my mind!
But I have felt like I am doing
this by myself since day one.
You haven't been here!
- Are you serious?! Oh, my God!
That is so incredibly unfair.
You know how hard it was
for me to watch
my mother struggle alone.
- No.
- I'm... I can't--
No, this conversation's done.
- Mark--
- I'm done with this
conversation.
- Hey.
I didn't ask you
for anything.
Since you've been
here, not one thing.
And the only time I do,
you go straight to Mark
and you tell him?
- I'm sorry, Susan. I just...
I was trying to help.
- You were trying to help.
If you want to help me,
don't meddle in my family.
- Susan... I know that things
have been really hard for you.
- Yes! Yes, it is hard!
It is very hard!
And if I wanted it harder,
I would have asked you
to meddle. And I didn't.
You're done. Get out.
- Susan, please...
- I said leave!
- Susan...
Susan?
Where's Amy?
- Gone.
- Did you fire her?
She couldn't
be trusted.
- She was helping us.
God, you're paranoid!
How many of these
have you taken?
- Enough to feel better.
Baby...
Baby... it's okay.
We don't need...
anyone in this house...
that we can't trust.
Right? We have everything...
... we need...
right...
here.
Right, baby?
Right?
- Okay.
Okay. Okay!
Look, baby...
I'm gonna tell your father
that I'm working from home
until we can get you back
on your feet.
- What about
the Hollis building?
- Doesn't matter.
This is me choosing my family.
I'm with you and Dylan.
- Yeah.
- Okay. Come here, baby.
We're gonna be okay.
- You're gonna be...
- Mm...
Here. Shh, shh, shh.
Babe, do you want any
coffee? I'm making a pot.
Speak now or forever
hold your peace.
Can you get the baby, huh?
Look at the water, baby...
So beautiful...
Just like you.
Shh. Just like you.
Baby, look...
water's even prettier at night.
Mr. Webster, could
you tell me what happened?
I heard them outside
and so I came running out.
I saw Susan at the end...
of the... of the yard and...
This is my boy's.
There's nothing here.
This is... this is...
go find him!
This isn't my son!
He's not in here.
Our son's not here.
Where is he?
Where did you put him?
Me? I... I didn't do it.
- Baby.
- Where... where...
No, I didn't... I don't...
I don't know. I don't know!
I don't know!
Where is he?
Where is he? Where is he?
No! No, no, no.
In local
news, Mrs. Susan Webster,
daughter of construction
maven Neil Hollis,
has now been charged
with manslaughter,
even though the infant's
remains have yet to be found.
Our own Dave Frang has spoken
with Mrs. Webster's physician,
Nicole Riley, who prosecutors
claim will offer important
key testimony in
Mrs. Webster's trial next week.
- I was treating Susan
for postpartum depression,
as I have with many other women.
Nortriptyline is a
perfectly fine medicine
for treating this. It's when
one abuses this medicine
that we see all sorts
of tragic outcomes.
- I've known Susan
since high school.
It was clear that things
weren't coming naturally
and I think she only made
it worse by pretending
that everything was fine.
- Bitch.
- The one thing I have to say
about Susan Webster...
she broke up her family.
She never should have
been a mother!
- Mr. Hollis, as the mother
of Mrs. Webster,
and the grandfather
of the child,
what do you have
to say about Susan's actions?
- No comment.
- Just--
- Get out of my--
- Susan, you gotta stop
torturing yourself.
- I just don't understand.
My friends, my family?
- They just don't know how
to make sense of it.
- And I do?
- I didn't say that.
- Well, it sounds like
you're on their side.
- Baby, I'm...
I'm not on anybody's side.
- That's my point.
You're supposed to be
on my side. I'm your wife.
The mother of your...
I don't know what happened.
- Don't you?
- Excuse me?
- You weren't in your
right mind, right?
- And where were you? Huh?
What happened to
being here for us?
- Hey, I did my best, okay?
It's hard enough to raise
one kid, let alone two.
- You're an ....
- Yeah, well you're a failed
mother! You killed our son!
I deserve to have
my side of the story told.
It can be an exclusive.
Please, Aunt Peggy, I-I...
I'm not the monster
that everyone is saying I am.
- I know that, kiddo!
Honey, you're family.
My producers are not
gonna touch this
with a ten-foot pole.
Especially with me anchoring
the story. Trust me!
It's a conflict of interest.
- I...
I can't do this.
- Hey... yes, you can.
It's my work phone.
Oh, huh, well speaking
of exclusives...
"Mark Webster, husband
of Susan Webster,
is calling on the people of this
community to grant his wife
the space she needs
to grieve in peace."
And he says, and I quote,
"There is never a justification
for terrorizing those
who are suffering."
You see? Not everyone's
abandoning you.
The Susan Webster
criminally negligent
homicide trial is set
to begin next week.
This case has shaken
the community to the core.
Ladies and
gentlemen of the jury,
the evidence will show--
The State would
have you believe that this
was a premeditated act.
Eight years. Can get out
in four though, right?
The jury in this
controversial case
has reached a verdict.
Susan Webster
has been found guilty
of criminally
negligent homicide.
- We, we can do this, Susan.
- Mark...
it's a long drive.
You should enjoy your weekend.
- No...
- I'm so sorry.
- No, we can make
this work.
We can.
- Goodbye, Mark. Goodbye.
- Please, baby. Please don't
hang up the phone.
Susan, please!
Susan, don't walk away from me!
- Uh, question,
where are the ba--
...bathrooms?
- I, for one, do not care what
you did... or didn't... do.
So long as you're under
my watch, your focus
is on moving forward.
Starting over.
Don't think it'll work out.
Don't tell yourself it'll be
okay. Didn't work out then,
it's not gonna work out now.
- Got it. Thanks.
- Uh-huh.
I always tell my parolees,
if you're gonna remember
one thing:
the past is not your friend.
Okay.
Go out into the world.
You are rehabilitated...
Susan.
- Uh... not gonna cover it.
- What're you gonna do about it?
- Hey.
- What's up, new girl?
- Slimeball stiffed me.
Is there like,
protocol for that?
Am I supposed to do something?
I don't wanna get him--
- Hey, Jonnie boy...
- What's up, Cassie?
- You didn't finish your drink.
Hey, get off me!
Get off me!
- Thanks, Ramos.
It's a good night.
Keep the change.
Cassie Mendoza.
- Emma Cartwright.
- Sure, gringa.
Drink after work?
You know, I... I caught
my ex cheating on me.
So then I started diving
into her life.
I mean, I'm not proud of it
but... I'm definitely not sorry.
Before I even knew it,
I was hooked.
And everybody says
that hacking is a crime,
but honestly, I call
it an artform. But even still...
after a couple crooked wires
with the Mexican cartel,
and a Russian bride later,
it wasn't my ex
who went to prison.
It was me.
But look at me now, girl.
I'm reformed! I'm good.
Just don't forget...
the past is not your friend.
- Oh... you got
the same speech, huh?
- Do you remember that
guy's mustache?
Gringa, are you hungry?
- I could eat.
I...
...can pay.
Yeah!
So much for fasting, right?
Hey, yo, yo. Wait, wait.
What?
You are on the third
floor, aren't you?
Yes, but you're never
gonna see my place--
Cassie?
Hey! Come back!
What is this? Hey! Wait!
No... stop! Stop,
please! Wait! Please!
No! No, no, no, no!
... Ha!
Holy shit. Ha!
Wow. You know...
I knew you looked familiar.
I knew it.
But... then again, all of
you Karens kinda blend, right?
So... this doesn't mean
I gotta call you Emma, right?
- I mean, you've been
calling me "gringa",
whatever the hell that means.
- I mean, it is better.
Come on, don't be weird.
Sit down. Come on.
So... I don't know you,
you don't know me,
and I don't judge,
but is there a world
that maybe your son isn't...
you know...
- They never found his body.
- They're never gonna believe
me you were here.
- Well, I still see Ginny
from time to time.
Yeah? She ever get
that baby she wanted?
- Uh, you mean, do you have
a step-sibling? Well, not yet.
But I only hear bits
and pieces about your father.
- Hmm. I'm sure you heard
how he disowned me.
- Oh... Susan, that's cruel.
- Whatever, that's fine.
I have moved on.
Well... Mark hasn't.
You know, he opened up a
women's health clinic downtown.
Yeah, they have
the whole first floor
of the Hollis Webster building.
- Hollis Webster?
- Mm-hmm. They're partners now.
But... well, you've moved on.
- Well, I've been trying to
until someone slipped
this under my door.
- What the hell is this?
- There was a note. I...
I just figured,
you're a reporter
so maybe you could help me
verify it?
- Honey, I'm a journalist,
not a magician.
This can't be real.
I mean, even if you want
it to be real.
Even if I want it to be real.
Susan, you've just got out
of prison. You're grieving.
It's been four years!
- I know. But the grief doesn't
just go away.
It's part of who I am now.
I need to know if this is real.
Please, Aunt Peggy, please.
- Well... first you have
to consider
who is willing to play
this cruel joke on you?
I think we've got all
the information
we need from you right now.
I'll check in on
Friday and you'll be here?
Yeah, I will be
here on Friday.
Okay.
I'll see you then.
- I'll see you then.
- Yeah.
Oh, my God... Susan.
- Hmm... technically
it's Emma Cartwright now.
Hi, Ginny.
- You have no business
being here.
- I was just looking.
But the Hollis Webster
building... it's a choice.
- You have no idea how hard
it's been for the rest of us.
- It's my name
on the building, too.
- Really?
I don't see Cartwright
written anywhere.
Hey gringa,
que paso? It's Cassie.
Listen, I'm not
gonna lie to you...
our boss from the bar was too
spineless to tell you himself,
so of course, he got me
to do it for him.
Uh... I'm sorry, man.
He's letting you go.
What?
Someone tipped him off
about your past
and now, well, everyone knows.
He just doesn't want you
around his customers, right?
But whatever, he's a jerk
anyways. Doesn't pay enough.
Not enough hours.
You can get over it, right?
Hello?
Mommy! Mommy!
Gringa...
You all right?
You know if... if you wanna
blow off some steam,
just meet me in the morning.
Vamonos.
Hey... put a little weight
on your left foot.
- I'm trying.
- A little weight,
you slip, slip,
one, two. Come on.
- Okay, okay.
- No, get outta here. Get out.
I don't believe any of that.
- I'm trying, man! I'm trying!
- Light on your feet. Slip,
slip. One, two! Let me see it.
Una... dos... tres!
Mas! Mas! Mas!
Woo!
Ha, ha. Now you hit
like an ex-con.
- What choice do I have?
I don't have anyone else.
Nobody's gonna walk in
and save the day for me.
- Hey, babe... I look
like nobody to you?
- What are you gonna do?
- What I'm gonna do?
I'mma smack you!
I've been helping
you all day.
Now show me what you got! Duck!
Eso. But you know what?
You're starting
to smell real bad.
So, if I'm gonna help
you, you gotta go shower.
Like, quick! 'Cause you're
gonna stink up my car.
So, which one's Ginny?
The bleached blonde.
- Aye, aye, aye!
She married your dad?
- She's been trying to have
a baby with him for years now.
- Oh, a new little brother, huh?
Oh, God, I hope not.
But if I had to bet,
she's the one that's
been following me
in that silver station wagon.
Hate to break it
to you, that don't look like
no silver station wagon to me.
- No, it does not.
- Okay. So, who else has
you on their shit list?
- Hey...
can you look up Nicole Riley?
Dr. Nicole Riley?
She was the one who prescribed
me my postpartum meds.
Okay.
Whew...
- Oh, my God.
Literally posted
two days ago.
- Huh. Her car...
- The infamous silver wagon.
Ooh, nice
neighborhood. I don't know, man.
You sure about this?
Oh, let's just do it.
Uh, gringa...
- Hi, Mark.
- Susan...
Wow. Uh...
I... I'm at a loss.
I don't know what to say.
- Uh... you look good.
- What's up with your friend?
- Oh, uh, Cassie.
Um...
did you read about Dr. Riley?
- Yeah, that's uh...
just awful. It's tragic.
- Yeah. The weird thing is,
I think that she
was following me.
Why... why would
she be following you?
- I don't know, but she
slid this under my door.
And...
I thought you should...
see them.
I mean,
if that's real...
- You're sick.
- What?!
- Why would you do
this to me, Susan?
- If that's real,
he could still be al--
- I don't want any part
of this, Susan.
- Mark!
- Stay outta my life.
Get yourself
some help, Susan.
They're all the same.
Not what you expected, huh?
; You know what,
let's get outta here.
Susan?
Oh, my God!
Uh...
it's been a long time.
- Four years.
- How've you been?
You look good.
Sweetie, Mommy's just talking
to an old friend, okay?
Why don't you go and choose
a chocolate bar
and I'll be right over? Okay?
"Old friend"?
- Susan...
I'm so sorry.
No, I-I mean it.
I'll never forgive myself
for what I said publicly when...
you were my best friend.
- What do you want, Alice?
- The truth was, I was really
messed up back then.
It's not an excuse but...
my sister never had
postpartum depression.
It was me. And I didn't tell you
because I don't know...
shame, I guess.
- It's okay. I'm sorry.
- I just wasn't thinking
straight back then.
And just like you,
I was on Nortriptyline.
But sometimes those
little red pills just...
wouldn't work, you know?
- Red pills?
- Uh yeah, I... I have to go.
I'll call you. Okay?
Sweetie...
You're all set
up for the next three weeks
but if you notice any
side effects at all,
just give us a call back--
- Nortriptyline.
- Wh-what?
- Nortriptyline,
is it red or is it blue?
- Uh... it... ma'am.
I don't--
- The pills... are they
red or are they blue?!
- They're red. They're red.
- Are you sure?
- I have a sample.
- Okay.
It's uh...
- Come on!
- Oh, uh...
- Have they ever been
prescribed as a blue pill?
No.
I appreciate you
making the house call,
Dr. Riley.
Stop with
the "doctor",
Mark. We've known
each other for how long?
You're the spitting image
of your mother, by the way.
- It's always been red.
- You... you drugged me?
You drugged me?!
You drugged me! You psycho!
- Get her outta here.
- Don't you... you're insane!
You had her killed?!
Every-, everything's
gonna be fine. It, it's fine.
- Everything's fine,
like she says. Kendra...
take an early lunch.
Cassie?
Cassie, I just saw Mark.
He was switching my pills with
my doctor, the whole time!
Someone trashed your place?
- No, I just decided
to redecorate.
I knew your boy
was eyeing me up.
- This is my fault?
I'm so sorry.
- Well, shit... you're
on a roll, detective.
- This was Mark.
- You know you sound
crazy, right?
Look, just...
hear me out. Listen,
look at me. Please, please.
Dr. Riley was the one who
slipped me the photo of Dylan.
She was the one
swapping out my meds.
Mark brought
her into our house.
Said that they knew each other
for years and...
and now she's dead?
I know it sounds crazy, but
that doesn't mean it's not true.
Please...
Cassie...
Mark can't get away
with this.
Help me clean up this mess...
and I'm gonna help you
clean yours.
Okay.
I don't know Spanish.
Okay... welcome back.
I want the gate closed... now.
Okay, amigos,
we're closed!
I want everybody out, now!
You too, Grandpa.
Bakery's closed!
Hey, girl.
Susan, come here.
Keep an eye on the door, yeah?
Gracias.
Okay, so your boy trashed my
laptop back at the apartment.
- Not "my boy".
- Well, luckily,
any self-respected hacker,
muchas gracias, always has
one or two weapons of choice
laying around.
Okay, gringa... you ready?
- Yeah.
- Let's dig.
That means I need his
last name, birth place,
age, parents...
- Webster. Mark Andrew Webster.
Raised in Tampa.
Went to Syracuse.
Born October 14th, 1985.
- Any fetishes?
- What?
- Nah, I'm just kidding.
You shoulda seen your face
though. What?!
- Wait, what are you doing?
- Don't ask.
Is it legal?
- What did I just say?
Back up. Back up.
You make me nervous.
Back up. One more step.
I can smell you.
- Sorry. Okay, okay.
- Did he ever change his name?
- Mark? No.
- Well, I don't know.
Don't shoot the messenger.
Take a look.
Med student in Utah,
engaged to a Mark Reynolds.
Filed for a restraining order.
- Oh, pfft...
oh, my God.
Wait, who's that one?
- Don't touch my screen.
- Sorry.
- Jackie Mitchell?
Picture was taken in Idaho.
Let me zoom in.
I mean...
Ugh! They look like they were
practically still kids.
Oh, my God!
- Not a big deal.
It's just an ex-wife.
- No, that...
that was our nanny!
- Okay.
So, you're telling me that
he hired his child bride
as your nanny?
- Um...
- Now that's a fetish.
- Can you get me an address?
Already texted you.
- Thank you, okay.
Can I borrow your car?
- You're lucky I like you.
You break it, you buy it!
- Thank you!
All right, you were
able to make a decision?
Good choice.
Great choice. Um, that's $40
for everything, please.
Perfect. Thank you, Jenny.
Great.
All right. Well, I am very
much looking forward to see you.
Oh, and uh, I was meaning
to ask you,
it's been a long time since
I've seen Nonna.
Will you say hello to her for
me? Okay, thank you so much.
Excuse me, ma'am?
Can I... can I help you
with something?
Tell me what you did
to my son...
Jackie.
Susan!
God, you frickin' psycho!
Tell me what happened!
- Nothing!
You're certifiably insane!
- I'm insane? What's insane
is my husband's ex-wife
posing as our nanny!
- No, I was just trying to
help you get back on your feet.
It wasn't like that.
- Tell me the damn truth!
- It is the truth! Please!
Mark... Mark... all he ever
wanted was a family
and it killed him
to see you struggle.
- I was struggling because
Mark had me drugged!
What did you do?!
- What do you mean
he had you drugged?
What do you mean?
If that's the truth then he
was taking advantage of me too.
I didn't know! Please!
- Talk.
- It was... it was his idea not
to tell you the truth.
He said that it
would set you off.
I mean, can you blame him?
Okay, you want
the truth, Susan?
It was a long time ago,
all right?
But I loved him.
I never stopped loving him.
Ever since we were kids.
And then he needed me.
And I mean, hell,
you needed me.
- Not good enough.
- Do you remember when you
asked me if I had kids?
And I said I wasn't lucky
that way?
We were pregnant once.
But life had other plans.
An abortion is the last thing
that I wanted
but I didn't have a choice.
And then in you,
and in Mark, and then...
your beautiful...
baby boy, I saw a second chance
to be a mom, I guess.
I know it's stupid.
I know, okay?
I truly wanted to help, Susan!
I'm sorry that I failed you.
I... I don't know what
happened to Dylan.
I swear.
I loved him too.
I saw more than anyone how
much you loved him.
You deserve to know the truth
after all these years.
Your lip is bleeding.
- So is your face.
- I'll get you a cloth
from the back.
- Chicos, we open in ten
minutes. Hurry up.
Andele,
let's go.
What? You found
something? Let me see.
Dang!
Dios mio...
Now that is next-level crazy.
- Take care, Susan.
No offense, but uh...
I hope I never see you again.
- Hmm. Ditto.
Where is he?!
That's his blanket.
Where is he?
You lied?! Where is he?
Just tell me where he is,
please. Please, please,
just tell me where he is.
Please, please, please, please.
Please, just tell me
where he is.
No, no, no. No, no.
You called the cops?!
- Emma Cartwright...
that's original.
I warned you what
would happen if you went
digging around in your past.
Lo and behold, here we are.
- Please, you have to listen
to me. My son is alive.
- No, you didn't listen to me...
when you had a chance.
Well, buckle up, Cartwright.
You're going back to prison!
- Hollis, you got a visitor.
- Hey, Suzie Q.
You poor thing.
Still pushing away
the people you love, huh?
- I know what you did.
- Do you?
- You brought your ex-wife
into our home.
- My ex-wife?
- I know about
the baby you lost.
Why would you give her Dylan?
He was ours.
He was mine!
- I have no idea what
you're talking about.
- I saw his blanket!
The pictures, the documents,
they're real. He is alive!
- Come on, Susan. Your grasp
on reality is tenuous at best.
- No, you had
Dr. Riley drug me.
Only you didn't count
her growing a conscience
four years later... did you?
Why are you here?
- I'm just doing my duty as
a grieving father,
trying to get through to his
mentally unstable ex-wife.
Some people would consider
that sympathetic.
- You're sociopathic.
- Whatever helps you
sleep at night, Susan.
And I'm sure it's hard
to sleep at night.
All those horrible memories.
Say...
have you tried medication?
- I know who you are.
People know who you are...
Mark Mitchell.
- Well...
I really must be going.
I gotta see a girl
about a laptop.
Guards!
- No.
You leave Cassie out of this.
You leave Cassie
out of this!
Come on!
Come on, let's go!
- She had nothing
to do with this. No!
- Get her out.
- You leave her alone!
He's gonna hurt my friend! No!
- Hollis, let's go.
You're getting transported.
Where?
- Back to a
minimum-security facility.
So, you looking forward to
going back to your old cell?
How do you sleep
at night?
- What the...
Get outta the road!
Come on! Move it, let's go!
That's it!
I told you guys, get off
the damn road!
Now! Move it! Let's go!
I'll drag you down the street.
Think I'm kidding?
I'll have you arrested.
No! No! No!
No!
- Oh my... oh, my God.
Cassie!
Cassie?
No! No! No!
Cassie!
No, no, no. Stay.
Stay with me. Hey, hey.
- I'm s-sorry.
- You put up a hell of a fight.
- Ma--
- I'm so sorry.
Mark...
- I'm so sorry. Shh,
stay with me. Stay with me.
T-t-t-take this.
Please. Please! No!!
No!
What?
You never had
a brother, did you?
Jackie's your sister!
You sick bastard!
- Susan, you really shouldn't
have come here.
- You lied to me
about everything!
- Ah!
- Start talking.
Our father
forced us!
If we refused, Susan,
he beat us!
I almost didn't
make it out alive.
And... and Jackie
was never the same.
The complications
from her abortion meant
she can never have
another baby.
And right before Dylan
was born, she...
she threatened to expose me
if I didn't give him to her!
I was... I was gonna lose
everything! I mean...
- I never had postpartum, did I?
- No... no, you didn't.
- The tea.
You put something in my tea!
I was so tired.
The night Dylan went
missing, that was you!
- That was us! That was us!
And Dr. Riley?!
We brought her in.
While your sister
played nanny?!
We just needed to get
proof you were an unfit mother.
Get Child Services involved.
But you ruined that!
You fired her!
And we were left with no
choice but to escalate.
- I went to prison
because of you!
Where is my son?!
No! No!
- Oh, God!
- You... will never find him!
- Mark! Mark! Mark,
stop! Mark, please!
Jackie!
What are you doing here?
- Please, okay? It doesn't
have to be like this.
- Oh, God. Oh, God.
- Breathe. It's okay.
- I'm so sorry.
- It's okay.
No! No! No, Mark! No!
Please! Please, Mark!
No. No. No!
This is
my niece's house!
Oh! Oh, I don't believe
this is happening to me.
Okay, all right.
Let's get this ready then.
Okay, five, four, three--
Good evening.
I'm Peggy Collingswood
of KCCO, Channel 4 News,
and I'm standing outside
the front door
of construction magnate
Mark Webster.
The local police department
is investigating
after a body was discovered
in the home.
Foul play is suspected.
Please be on the lookout
for fugitive Susan Webster,
who was convicted
for the murder of her son.
Susan, what the hell
happened to you?
- This was Mark. This was Mark!
He has Dylan.
Dylan is... safe.
Dylan has been alive this
whole time and he's...
Mark's trying to hurt me.
And he's...
he's hurt my friends.
And I know...
I know we aren't close,
but I need your help, Dad.
Please. Please, Dad.
Please.
- Neil, do you actually
believe in her?
Look at her.
Look at that
blood! She's a convict!
She's dangerous!
Neil, I'm talking to you.
- Neil--
- Ginny...
do not talk about
my daughter that way.
- Thank you. Thank you.
- Hey...
Okay?
Mark filed a manifest
for one of our planes.
It's wheels up at midnight.
- Call Aunt Peggy. Tell her to
meet me there with her crew.
Thank you, Dad.
- Susan...
there's two passengers
listed on that manifest.
- Thank you. Um...
Oh.
911,
what is your emergency?
- My name is Susan Webster.
I'm at Centennial Airbase.
I'm ready to turn myself in.
Ma'am, is there
an emergency?
There's about to be one.
Mark! Where is he?!
I know you have him!
- Are you insane, Susan?!
- Where is he? You liar!
You're a liar!
- You killed our son!
- Stop! Let's see some ID now!
- Okay. Hey, hey, no problem.
I've got my ID right here.
- Please! Please! You have got
to stop him!
What are you doing? I called
you guys! I called you!!
- While you're at it, why don't
you run Susan Webster?
- Please!
- See what you come up with.
- No! No! No! Check the
plane! Check the plane!
There were two passengers
listed on the manifest.
Check the plane! If there's
no one in there.
You should be fine letting them
check the plane! Please...
- By all means...
check the plane.
- No! No!
- That was a thorough search.
Are you sure you don't want
to check my bags, too?
- Why?! Where is he?
- All right, take her away.
- Anything else boys?
Or can I go?
- He's lying, he's somewhere.
He's trying to take him.
Run his real name.
It's Mark Mitchell.
Please.
Aunt Peggy! Aunt Peggy!
Aunt Peggy, please!
Mark's trying
to take Dylan! He's here!
We'd hide
in the tire well of his car.
My beautiful baby boy.
- The tire well. Check the tire
well. Please! Please,
you have got to believe me!
Just check the tire well!
Please just check the tire well!
- Peggy, what are you doing?
Peggy! Peggy!!
No! No! No!
Oh, my God!
Dylan!
Come here. Come here,
hold my hand.
Oh.
Hi.
Dylan...
do you know who I am?
- My mama.
- That's right. That's right.
- Oh, my.
- What were you doing
in the back of the car?
- Daddy said we
were playing a game
of hide in the back of the car.
- It's okay, baby.
The game's over now.
Oh, my God.
- You're okay.
- Susan...
I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
I didn't believe you.
- It's okay.
- Please forgive me.
I love you so much.
- It's okay.
- Thank you.
Hey, little man.
How ya doin'?
Oh, my God.
Okay, I have do this.
You take care. Okay.
Can you give me that, please?
Thank you.
All right,
let's get it together.
Running sound.
Five, four, three, two, one.
Good evening.
Tonight's top story involves
the secret life and child
of construction magnate
Mark Webster.
- I want to thank you all
for coming here today
for the re-opening,
and appropriately renamed
Women's Health Clinic,
after my dear friend,
Cassie Mendoza.
I wish so badly
she could be here today
to meet my son, Dylan,
because the truth is,
without her,
I never would have found him.
I'm pleased to share some of
the things that I learned her:
to trust myself,
to follow the truth,
and to fight for our children.
The privilege of being a mother
takes all that you have,
the good, the bad,
and everything in between.
But most of all,
it requires hope,
because even if you
get lost along the way,
hope will always guide you home.
Subtitling: difuze